♪
You're eager,
Kite.
Too eager.
I promise.
This ends today.
(Kite)
You won't escape from me, Chris
or Quinton, or whatever
you call yourself now.
Payback day is finally here.
♪
♪ If life is
a game they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
♪
(Bronk)
What a bummer!
I can't believe we still
can't watch any of the duels
that are happenin'!
There must be trouble
with the video feed.
I hope they
fix it quick.
♪
I'm so worried!
My processors won't rest
'‘til I find out
if Master Kite
is safe or not!
To catch up with him
I'll have to pour it on!
(Yuma)
Whoa!
I wonder where this crazy
coaster's takin' us.
Who knows?
At this speed,
everything is just a blur!
(Yuma)
I can't slow down
'‘til I get to a field
for a one-on-one duel!
But if you crash,
you may not be able
to have any duels.
What will happen if you rush
into another trap, Yuma?
♪
I don't know,
but maybe something like that?
(screaming)
This is not my day!
It's Orbital!
Yuma-ma-ma-ma!
Do you know where
Master K-K-K-ite is?
You sound funny.
Are you okay?
(beeping)
That grouchy girl is
tagging along, too?!
Watch it, or I'll rearrange
your wiring!
Please don't do that!
I have to go
and find Master Kite!
So that's
why you're here?
There's something important
that I have to talk to
Kite about, too!
All right.
We can track down
Kite together then.
Help me to locate him,
okay, Orbital?
Right!
Scanning now!
♪
At last.
I knew you and I would
face each other
in battle
someday, Kite.
(thundering)
(Quinton)
Ever since I learned the truth
about your family and mine,
I've been filled with
a desire to get revenge.
I swore that nothing would
stop me from settling the score.
Nothing, Kite.
You're gonna regret
what you did to Hart.
I'll make sure of that.
Now let's duel!
♪
I'll go first.
Get set, I draw!
I summon
Planet Pathfinder!
Next up, I summon
Solar Wind Jammer
in attack mode!
I'm allowed to
summon this card
by cutting its attack points
in half.
Next, I'll give both
monsters an upgrade
by activating my
Tannhauser Gatespell!
Now my monsters combine
their Levels.
My monsters are Level Four
and Five, Kite.
That means they'll both
become Level Nine monsters.
I can guess
what's coming next.
(chuckling)
I doubt it.
I overlay
my Level 9 Pathfinder
and Wind Jammer in order
to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 9:
Dyson Sphere.
A Number?!
Where is your Number,
Quinton?
You will discover that
soon enough, I promise.
In the meantime,
since I Xyz Summoned,
this space field's effect
kicks in.
It allows me
to draw one card.
I'll place a card facedown
and end my turn.
That Number
must be somewhere.
It's your turn.
You're looking a little
worried, Kite.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I draw!
(Kite)
I know that Number
is out there somewhere,
but even if I can't see it,
I have to try and take it down.
Here goes.
I summon
Photon Delta Wing!
♪
Photon Delta Wing
attack Dyson Sphere!
Photon Fury!
That was useless.
Your attack couldn't
possibly do any damage.
How could that be?
Wouldn't you
like to know?
Too bad this will be over
before you have answers!
I draw!
Now I'll attack your
Photon Delta Wing
with my Dyson Sphere!
What?!
Ahh!
(screaming)
How in the world
did you do that, Quinton?
You wouldn't understand.
Just accept that I have you
hopelessly outmatched
and you're
going to lose.
♪
Oh, wow!
Our duel coaster
is now a space coaster.
This field is virtual,
of course,
but quite realistic.
I'm picking up a Duel Tab
identification signal!
It's definitely
Master Kite!
(Yuma)
He must be
aboard that ship.
You better slow down
or we're gonna
make a crash landing!
There's something wrong
with the controls.
They're not responding.
(screaming)
(groaning)
Next time,
I'll do the driving.
Master Kite, what a relief
to see you're safe!
Listen, Kite...
I have something important
to tell you.
Really?
Yeah.
It's about Dextra.
She was
in a duel...
... against Vetrix.
She was defeated!
I saw it.
Dextra was trying to
stand up for you.
But Vetrix
was too strong.
It's clear that she really
cares about you.
Well, I couldn't
care less.
Ah, you can't
mean that.
That's cold.
Oh, Master Kite.
She did everything to
try and protect you!
(Quinton)
So, it's Yuma Tsukumo.
The son of Kazuma Tsukumo!
It's you.
It's fitting that the three
of us should meet now.
Destiny has clearly
brought us together.
I want some
answers from you.
Listen, tell me where
my father is!
All right.
Before Kite and I resume,
I'll tell you everything
I know about your father.
I wanna duel now.
You can share your stories
some other time.
Are we gonna
continue to battle or not?
It can wait.
The story that I'm about to
tell concerns you, as well.
Perhaps it will help all of
you understand
my family's actions.
Why we came here to compete
in the Duel Carnival
and why we targeted
Kite and his brother Hart.
The answer is that they are
linked to our real enemy.
We seek revenge against
their father, Dr. Faker.
Dr. Faker
is their father?
You mean the same guy
who built up Heartland?
It began five years ago.
(Quinton)
Back then, Dr. Faker
and my father,
Byron Arclight,
were working together
on experiments
in search of a door
that could lead to other worlds.
(Dr. Faker)
The 21 anomalies I detected
should lead me to
the location.
But it isn't working!
It seems there's something
missing in my calculations.
It's driving me mad!
Dr. Faker, please,
have a cup of tea
and try to relax.
(grunting)
There isn't any time
to relax!
Arclight, I have to
open that portal before
it's too late!
Doctor...
don't forget there is
someone else
looking for the portal
who might be able
to help us.
Hey, Chris, bring up
the file we discussed.
Yes, sure,
Father, one second.
If anyone can help us,
it's this man.
One of the world's
most daring adventurers,
Kazuma Tsukumo.
♪
(Kazuma)
Ah, what an incredible view!
And I have it all to myself.
There's no one else around for
at least a hundred miles.
♪
Of course,
I could be wrong.
Whoa, quite the impressive
layout you've got here.
(Byron)
Welcome.
I'm sorry to have
interrupted your trip
so suddenly, Kazuma Tsukumo.
But I'm glad
you came.
I'm Byron Arclight
and it is an honor
to meet you.
These are the most advanced
gravitational wave scans
I've ever seen.
(Faker)
But they're not
advanced enough!
I've tried every possible
technology
but still can't find
the inter-dimensional
portal!
It must exist,
I'm sure of it!
But there's something
we're missing!
Kazuma, you've been looking
for the portal, too.
Would you be willing to
share your research with us?
If we succeed, it will change
the course of human history.
You will become famous
and rich beyond
your wildest dreams!
Eh!
Money and fame!
They're of
no interest to me!
All I care about is locating
that inter-dimensional
portal!
In that case,
we can work together.
That was a test,
wasn't it?
Living for adventure
and the thrill of discovery
are all I care about.
I'd say we found
the right partner.
Take a look at this.
Arclight and I have detected
abnormal gravity readings
at 21 different
locations around the globe.
We believe these
readings indicate
where the inter-dimensional
portal has emerged
in the past.
By analyzing this data,
we were hoping to
predict
where the portal
will next appear.
So you based your
prediction on this data?
Yes, the calculation
is quite complicated.
I almost have it
solved.
But there's
one piece missing.
(Kazuma)
No, you're missing
two pieces.
Your observations
are incomplete, Doctor.
Some discoveries can only
be made
outside a laboratory.
I found two more locations
on my expeditions.
There are
23 data points.
Oh.
Then that's why my
calculations have been off!
Right, do your math over
and you should have no trouble
locating the portal.
(Quinton)
Kazuma was correct.
With the additional data
he supplied,
Dr. Faker
reworked his calculations.
He soon identified the location
where the portal
would appear next.
We raced there as quickly
as we could.
♪
(Kazuma)
Reaching that portal
won't be easy.
We have a challenging trek
before us, my friends.
(Byron)
You better
stay here, Chris.
I'll go on with
Dr. Faker and Kazuma.
Good luck.
(Quinton)
That was the last time
I saw all of them together.
But I know what happened
after they left me.
When I finally
saw my father again,
he told me everything.
Following Dr. Faker's
calculations,
and with
Kazuma guiding the group,
they pressed onward.
♪
(Byron)
Kazuma, what if after
all this effort
we arrive at the location
and there is no portal?
(Kazuma)
Even if we fail
in our quest,
it will be
worth the effort.
Anyway, the most
important thing
is that we never give up
and keep feeling the flow.
"Feeling the flow"?
It's something
I tell my son,
so that
he never gives up.
That's your family,
Kazuma?
Yes.
My son Yuma
is really into dueling.
Mine, too.
I have three sons
myself,
and dueling means
everything to them.
(Byron)
Dr. Faker also has sons--
two of them.
Do you know why
he's so obsessed
with finding that
inter-dimensional portal?
I'm not sure.
But if anyone can
locate it, he can.
Dr. Faker is a true genius.
(Faker)
The runes I found
were very clear.
"Deliver two souls
for mysteries untold."
Two souls, huh?
Three days later,
the group finally arrived
at the location.
Gentlemen, I think we found
what we're seeking.
Arclight, look here!
I saw this rune
in my research!
It's true, we have
found the portal!
Success at last!
And now we just
have to open it!
Let's hurry!
♪
(Kazuma)
Watch out!
Dr. Faker, Kazuma!
Don't move!
Listen, Byron, we have to
proceed carefully.
This whole location
must be filled with traps.
(Kazuma)
Whoever built this place
didn't want trespassers.
If you want to leave
here in one piece,
I suggest
you watch your step.
♪
(Byron)
Looks like
we reached a dead end.
That's strange.
Maybe we took
a wrong turn.
Should we go back?
♪
What's this?
(groaning)
(Faker)
Gentlemen...
the time has finally
come.
Dr. Faker?
Believe me, I regret that
there is no other way.
Doctor, what's
going on here?
The writing beneath your
feet explains everything.
The ancient inscription
reads,
"Deliver two souls
for mysteries untold."
You planned to betray us
all along, didn't you?
I have sworn to open
a passage to other worlds
and nothing will
stop me!
You've lost your mind!
How can you do this,
Doctor?
How can you
betray your friend?!
A friend?
So what!
All that ever mattered to
me is reaching my goal!
Byron was
useful for a time,
but now he's
expendable!
Whoa!
Ahh!
I've got you,
Byron, just hang on!
♪
Kazuma, save yourself.
Let go
of my hand!
My son always tells me
when he duels
with someone,
then they
become friends forever.
It's the same for me.
Anyone who goes
exploring with me
will always be
my friend!
We're in this together!
All right.
Enough,
the portal is open...
and you're both
finished!
You'll pay for this,
Faker!
(Quinton)
My father couldn't believe
how Faker betrayed them.
That was the last anyone
saw of my father.
(Astral)
"Deliver two souls
for mysteries untold."
That sounds like
a Xyz Summon.
Yuma, one day
my father did return.
He found a way to
travel through
inter-dimensional
gaps between the worlds
until he reached this
world again.
However
there was a price.
His appearance became warped
until he was no longer
recognizable.
My father now
calls himself Vetrix.
(stuttering)
I thought
he was a kid!
It's all Faker's fault.
He betrayed
my father.
And I've sworn
to someday get revenge.
This doesn't
change anything.
Dr. Faker means
nothing to me.
I only care about Hart.
And getting even
for what you did!
Move away, Yuma!
♪
It's my turn!
I draw!
To start,
I summon Photon Thrasher!
I can bring out Thrasher
when I don't have any
other
monsters on my field.
And I'll follow that up by
summoning Photon Pirate!
When I banish
a Photon monster
from my graveyard,
Photon Pirate gets a thousand
attack points stronger!
I tribute
my Photon Thrasher
and my Photon Pirate!
Here comes the monster more
savage than a supernova!
With the cataclysmic force
of ten black holes
put together!
A cosmic scourge
that vaporizes anything
in its path:
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
(Quinton)
You're playing into my hands
perfectly, Kite.
(Kite)
Let's see, my Delta Wing
had 1,800 attack points.
It was destroyed
on my last turn
and I got hit with
1,000 points of damage.
So then Quinton's
invisible Number
must have 2,800 attack points.
Galaxy-Eyes, use your
3,000 attack points
to pummel NUMBER 9!
Big mistake.
We'll see.
Go Photon Stream
of Destruction!
It failed.
Of course it did.
To understand why,
take a look at my Number!
♪
No way!
A monster bigger
than the sun?
That thing...
is so huge.
How could any
monster destroy it?
It seems impossible.
That's because
it is impossible.
No one has ever defeated
Dyson Sphere in battle
and no one ever will!